Docs: Coding Guidelines (#1331)
longturn/freeciv21: docs/Coding/architecture.rst

to the second program, that we call the *server* (``freeciv21-server``). The server checks the commands,
computes their result and sends updates back to the client. The client is capable of managing a server for
its own needs, which is used for single player games. It can also connect to a server managed externally,
which is how multiplayer games work.

The Freeciv21 code is old and evolved from a program written in C. It still bears a lot of this history, but
this is being worked on. New code is written in C++, using modern constructs when it makes sense and relying
heavily on the `Qt Framework <https://doc.qt.io>`_ for platform abstraction. This is currently most visible
in the client, but the rest of the code base is slowly being converted as well.

Repository Organization
=======================

The source code is organized in directories at the root of the repository. The client and server share a lot
of code found in the :file:`common` and :file:`utility` folders. The first one contains code to manage the
game state, of which both the client and server have a copy, and the second is home to various lower-level

> utilities that don't have an equivalent in Qt or the standard library. Freeciv21 also ships with a couple

Reviewer: ```suggestion
utilities that do not have an equivalent in Qt or the standard library. Freeciv21 also ships with a couple
```

external dependencies under :file:`dependencies`.

The client code is grouped in the :file:`client` folder. The server code is located under :file:`server`,
with the exception of the computer ("AI") players which is under :file:`ai`. The code for other programs
bundled with Freeciv21, such as the :doc:`Modpack Installer </General/modpack-installer>`, is located under
:file:`tools`.

All the assets used by client and server are grouped under :file:`data`. This includes among
others :doc:`rulesets </Modding/Rulesets/overview>` and :ref:`tilesets <Modding/index:Tilesets>`.

> Localization files for languages other than English are located under :file:`translations`.

Reviewer: I'd get rid of "for languages other than English", as we do have en-GB in there

The Freeciv21 code is old and evolved from a program written in C. It still bears a lot of this history, but
this is being worked on. New code is written in C++, using modern constructs when it makes sense and relying
heavily on the `Qt Framework <https://doc.qt.io>`_ for platform abstraction. This is currently most visible
in the client, but the rest of the code base is slowly being converted as well.

Repository Organization
=======================

The source code is organized in directories at the root of the repository. The client and server share a lot
of code found in the :file:`common` and :file:`utility` folders. The first one contains code to manage the
game state, of which both the client and server have a copy, and the second is home to various lower-level

> utilities that don't have an equivalent in Qt or the standard library. Freeciv21 also ships with a couple

Reviewer 2: with a couple of...

external dependencies under :file:`dependencies`.

> The client code is grouped in the :file:`client` folder. The server code is located under :file:`server`,

Reviewer 2: I would suggest "found" instead of "grouped"

with the exception of the computer ("AI") players which is under :file:`ai`. The code for other programs
bundled with Freeciv21, such as the :doc:`Modpack Installer </General/modpack-installer>`, is located under
:file:`tools`.

> All the assets used by client and server are grouped under :file:`data`. This includes among

Reviewer 2: used by "the" client and server...

others :doc:`rulesets </Modding/Rulesets/overview>` and :ref:`tilesets <Modding/index:Tilesets>`.
Localization files for languages other than English are located under :file:`translations`.

> There are a few additional folders that you'll touch less often. The table below describes the complete

Reviewer 2: you will
